DOC-2171: fix documentation entry for TINY-10123 in the 6.7 Release Notes (#2872)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.7-release-notes.adoc

=== In Safari on macOS, deleting backwards within a `<summary>` element removed the entire `<details>` element if it had no other content
// TINY-10123

> Previously, when Safari was the host web browser, when pressing the Backspace key while the cursor was inside the `<summary>` element of an Accordion component, and there was no other content within the parent `<details>` element, the entire parent `<details>` element would be deleted, rather than just the character before the cursor within the `<summary>`.
> 
> With the release of {productname} version 6.7, we have corrected Safari's backward delete behavior in the `<details>` command. As of this update, the Backspace key now functions as expected, deleting only the character before the cursor within the `<summary>` element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, when Safari was the host browser, and

* the insertion point was inside the `<summary>` element of an Accordion component; and
* there was no other content within the parent `<details>` element;

pressing Backspace deleted the entire `<details>` element rather than just the character immediately before the insertion point.

{productname} 6.7 addresses this. With this release, the Backspace key functions as expected when Safari is the host browser: it deletes only the character immediately before when the insertion point is inside a `<summary>` element, as expected.
```
Suggested structure and presentation edit and some copy-edits.
